
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaComponent.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:17	Perhaps 'form' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:21	Perhaps 'field' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:23	Perhaps 'field2' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/components/AltaPlan.java:25	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/pages/BasePage.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/pages/BasePage.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/pages/BasePage.java:24	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/pages/Page1.java:6	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/AddPlan.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/AddPlan.java:14	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/AddPlan.java:16	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/AddPlan.java:16	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/BeanEjemplo.java:15	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/LogService.java:7	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name with the same name as a method
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/LogService.java:10	Do not use if statements that are always true or always false
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/MounterURL.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/TestApplication.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/TestApplication.java:25	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/TestApplication.java:25	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/TestApplication.java:25	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/TestApplication.java:35	Avoid unused private methods such as 'mountUrl(String,Class,String...)'.
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/WebSession.java:16	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ar/edu/unq/partnersdevapp/vista/service/WebSession.java:16	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final